all right so this has been sitting on
the shelf for a little while figured
it'd be time to throw it on the Gallants
so I have a new bumper to replace the
plain Stockland so there it is this is
specifically actually for the Glan one
so I've seen other people install it
should have no issues might be might
have to play around with the spacing
with some washers get everything to line
up but other than that should be
business as usual all right so a little
deco there some ARB decals bumper pull
up the bracket here and a lot more
hardware than we need so they could
choose as we go package here all right
so first things first you have to pull
the body off four screws to each side
all right so for the bumper here we have
two screws at the front that removes the
stock bumper and here's where we might
have to add spacers but I understand
install as is and shim a little bit
later if needed someone add some thread
lock cuz we're gonna meddle into metal
just gonna mount the bracket right to
where the stock bumper was installed
right now the bumper screw in from the
bottom here try that again all right so
I should have looked at the hardware
before wrong hardware that nut is way
too small all right so no they got the
proper gear a little bit of thread lock
cuz this is not the nylon locking nut
all right use the other one here
mock that up real quick and finish it up
off-camera all right so we're all done I
ended up having to throw in three
washers in between the Mount and the
bumper or the chassis should I say to
make sure everything lined up it's nice
and snug at the front all right so it
does look good make sure you're lined up
in the back and we are nice heavy-duty
bumper I will have to install a fairlead
at the front for the winch but for now
I'm not installing one anyway so till I
get the winch up there and it's not
required
so no clearance issues everything fits
fine nice and clean and I'm happy
alright guys so thanks for watching
please thumbs up and subscribe
you